.TH "InotifyWatch" 3 "4 Sep 2006" "Version 0.1.0" "inotify-cxx" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
InotifyWatch \- inotify watch class  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <inotify-cxx.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBInotifyWatch\fP (const std::string &rPath, int32_t uMask)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~InotifyWatch\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int32_t \fBGetDescriptor\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the watch descriptor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::string & \fBGetPath\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the watched file path. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint32_t \fBGetMask\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the watch event mask. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBInotify\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
inotify watch class 
.PP
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "InotifyWatch::InotifyWatch (const std::string & rPath, int32_t uMask)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
Creates an inotify watch. Because this watch is inactive it has an invalid descriptor (-1).
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIrPath\fP watched file path 
.br
\fIuMask\fP mask for events
.RE
.PP

.SS "InotifyWatch::~InotifyWatch ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int32_t InotifyWatch::GetDescriptor () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns the watch descriptor. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
watch descriptor; -1 for inactive watch
.RE
.PP

.SS "uint32_t InotifyWatch::GetMask () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns the watch event mask. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
event mask
.RE
.PP

.SS "const std::string& InotifyWatch::GetPath () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns the watched file path. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
file path
.RE
.PP

.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "friend class \fBInotify\fP\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for inotify-cxx from the source code.
