.TH "inotify-cxx.h" 3 "4 Sep 2006" "Version 0.1.0" "inotify-cxx" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
inotify-cxx.h \- inotify C++ interface header 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <string>\fP
.br
\fC#include <deque>\fP
.br
\fC#include <map>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/inotify.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/inotify-syscalls.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBInotifyEvent\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIinotify event class \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBInotifyWatch\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIinotify watch class \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBInotify\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIinotify class \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBINOTIFY_EVENT_SIZE\fP   (sizeof(struct inotify_event))"
.br
.RI "\fIEvent struct size. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBINOTIFY_BUFLEN\fP   (1024 * (INOTIFY_EVENT_SIZE + 16))"
.br
.RI "\fIEvent buffer length. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef std::map< int32_t, \fBInotifyWatch\fP * > \fBIN_WATCH_MAP\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIMapping from watch descriptors to watch objects. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
inotify C++ interface header 

inotify C++ interface
.PP
Copyright (C) 2006 Lukas Jelinek, <lukas@aiken.cz>
.PP
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of one of the following licenses:
.PP
.PD 0
.IP "\(bu" 2
1. X11-style license (see LICENSE-X11) 
.IP "\(bu" 2
2. GNU Lesser General Public License, version 2.1 (see LICENSE-LGPL) 
.IP "\(bu" 2
3. GNU General Public License, version 2 (see LICENSE-GPL)
.PP
If you want to help with choosing the best license for you, please visit http://www.gnu.org/licenses/license-list.html.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define INOTIFY_BUFLEN   (1024 * (INOTIFY_EVENT_SIZE + 16))"
.PP
Event buffer length. 
.PP
.SS "#define INOTIFY_EVENT_SIZE   (sizeof(struct inotify_event))"
.PP
Event struct size. 
.PP
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef std::map<int32_t, \fBInotifyWatch\fP*> \fBIN_WATCH_MAP\fP"
.PP
Mapping from watch descriptors to watch objects. 
.PP
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for inotify-cxx from the source code.
